Like the dawn on the Ganges shore,
A face like flowers drifting evermore.
Like a lively street, a city's glow,
That’s the splendour you bestow.
Yours and mine stars have intertwined.
Our stars have aligned, every one of them.
Says the lively street and city's glow,
That’s the splendour you bestow.
I’m lost in your love’s sweet fog,
I laugh, I spin, I am a lost cause,
I’ve come to this world just to be yours.
I've spent countless days without you near,
I long to recover all the love lost here,
I'm a bit eager to make you mine, dear.
I've spent countless days without you near,
Fill my silences with your voice so clear.
I'm a bit eager to make you mine, dear.
Lost in your love’s sunshine and sweet fog,
I am a lost cause,
I am losing it all,
Lost in your love’s sunshine and sweet fog,
I am a lost cause,
I am losing it all,
I've spent countless days without you near,
Fill my silences with your voice so clear.
I'm a bit eager to make you mine, dear.
I want this desire, this effort, to pay,
I long for our hearts to unite,come what may.
There should be no distance,no delay in the way.
I often yearn and pray,
The butterfly flew away...
The butterfly...
What happened?
Why are you crying?
It's not even time
for the post-wedding send-off yet.
I miss Dad.
Daddy's little angel,
you were with him just two hours ago.
How can you already missing him?
What if Dad
commits suicide after we run away?
He's not going to do anything like that.
No, no, no.
Hey, hey...
Turn the van around.
Huh?
I'm telling you,
turn the car around.
- Titli...
- Dad!
Hey...
Titli, listen to me.
You were the one who decided you wanted
to run away with me yesterday, right?
I was freaking out!
But still, here I am,
running away with you.
- Hmm.
- I'm not turning the car around.
I was the one
who made the decision, right?
- Yeah.
- So now I'm making a new one.
I'm calling it quits-no more,
we're not running away like before.
Turn the car around.
Hocus pocus, chaos anew,
If I turn this van, I am a...
Titli, I...
Titli, just hear me out.
If we go back now,
my mom's going to seriously kill me
and then pickle me.
I stole her van because of you.
- I'm not turning around.
- Because of me?
- Yeah.
- If you're this scared,
why did you even want
to run away with me?
You're the one who got me to do this.
You suggested it.
I don't care
if you turn the van around or not.
I'm leaving.
- Hey Titli, Titli, Titli!
- Hey!
Titli, listen to me! Titli...
- Let me go.
- No, Titli. You're not leaving.
Don't make me punch you, Ranjan.
Let me go.
Mom is going to kill me,
I'll rather prefer you punch me.
Ranjan, let me go.
I've planned everything down
to the last detail, Titli!
No, no, take your time,
finish what you're doing.
Doing unholy things
in the land of the holy, huh?
She's my sister.
My sister.
The boy's family
is saying the girl ran off with the...
What the hell is this?
That's exactly
what I've been saying all along.
Forget it. All you've done
is doodle ants on the paper.
Let me explain, sir.
No one forced anyone to run away.
We ran away together.
Yes.
- You two ran away together?
- Yes.
Then how did you end up here?
Because of him!
He dragged us here against our will.
I had explained it to him too.
Answer him! Tell him!
- Answer him!
- Sir, in a public place, they were...
Forget it.
What are you going to say anyway?
Just order tea for us. With extra cream.
Alright, how old are you?
26.
- 25.
Pick one, 25 or 26?
It's 25, sir.
- 25?
- It's 25.
It's 25, sir.
25, sir.
So what do you want to do now?
- Sir, we want to go home.
- Sir, we want to get married.
We want to get married.
Do you want to go home or get married?
Because I want to go home too.
Sir, we want to go home and get married.
No, why, I'll get you married right here.
Call the priest.
- At the police station?
- Mr. Pandey...
I told you so.
But no one listens to me.
Dad?
Hmm?
Are you pleased now,
after all this slander?
The whole of Banaras
is going to look down on us.
I told you to be careful,
this girl's character is flawed.
- Hear that?!
- Can't you just keep quiet?
What did I say wrong?
- I say we just get them married.
- Exactly.
End of story.
Get them married just like that?
This way, the matter stays between us
and we won't face any shame.
Don't even talk to me about shame,
Tiwari,
or I'll start talking.
- Hey!
- What are you going to say, huh?
I'm trying to protect
your daughter from shame,
and you're saying you'll talk?
What exactly are you going
to talk about, huh?
Everyone in Banaras knows you're living
off your wife's pickle business.
Watch your words, Mishra, or I swear...
You swear what, huh?
What will you do?
Control your daughter.
You control your son,
he's always messing around.
- Let me speak.
- Stay quiet.
The officer in charge
has called you all to his cabin.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Take them with you too. They will...
Don't you dare say a word!
So I'm just supposed to stay quiet
no matter what anyone says to me?
- You talk without thinking?
- That's not true.
So, what do you want to do?
Tell me.
What else can we do? It's very simple.
Arrest him.
He looks like trouble.
Arrest him?!
Why should he arrest him?
Our son's trouble,
and your daughter
who ran off with him is some angel?
This isn't right, Brother.
You should show respect,
no matter whose daughter it is.
Really? What about when your husband made
fun of me because of her pickle business?
- Why bring up the pickles
- Is that a lie?
and get yourself slandered again?
Mom, Dad... hold on a second.
He wants to say something.
Sir.
Look, here's my suggestion -
Both the girl and the boy are adults.
So before they try to run away again,
you should just get them married.
- That's exactly what I've been saying!
- How can we just get them married?
He doesn't even have a job.
He's just idling around, sir.
An idler?
I've filled
out four government job forms, Dad.
Yeah.
You've been doing that
for the past four years.
But nothing has happened, right?
Dad, just give him a little more time.
Keep quiet or I'll whack you.
Hey Mishra, don't you dare touch her!
- No, Dad...
- Look at his behavior!
You're taking matters into your own
hands right in front of a police officer.
And you want us to let them get married?
- We've got our reputation to think about too.
- Calm down, everyone.
Anger won't solve anything.
- Yes, that's right.
- Exactly.
He needs some more time.
Give it to him.
- No.
- Yes.
He's right.
How is he right?
What will you do if she tries
to run away again?
- What do you mean, what will I do?
- Where will you go looking for her?
Your wife is right.
- She's always right.
- Dad...
- Don't cry, don't cry.
Titli...
Please.
Fine.
You've got one month
to land a government job,
and then Titli will be yours.
- We accept this match!
- Hey,
let him finish.
If you don't do that,
and I see you anywhere
within 500 meters of my house,
you'll end up in the Ganges.
One month is too short,
- at least give me two years.
- Two months, Dad.
Dad, please, two months.
- Two months. Fine, I'll give you two months.
- Fine.
What are you doing?
I was asking for two years!
- Keep quiet.
- You're not listening to me.
- I said, keep quiet.
- Keep quiet.
Listen, you have two months.
It's in your hands now.
This isn't fair, sir.
It takes more than two months just
to refill a gas cylinder!
What can I do in just two months?
I don't know about you,
but she can definitely get married.
Congratulations on the wedding!
- Whatever!
- What are you congratulating him for?
Listen to me.
- What?
-
The butterfly flew, flew, and flew away.
You make tall claims, why...
Then blush and sigh.
I don't get it,
how am I supposed
to get a job that quickly?
The easiest job in the world
is having a baby,
and even that takes nine months.
I've read on WhatsApp about men
getting pregnant in just two months.
Kids are being born in labs now,
without even needing parents.
Kids are being made
in test tubes these days.
- You get my point?
- Test tubes?
- How does that even work?
- Shut up, all of you!
Enough with all this random talk!
Talking about babies for no reason!
I know how to make a baby.
We need to focus on my job.
That's exactly what we're talking about.
Sister-in-law should've asked
for a couple of years.
How is this possible
in just two months, Brother?
We're not here to turn my problem
into random sentences.
Let's focus on how
I'm going to get a job.
You can't even land
a private job in two months,
- how will you get a government one?
- Right.
Uncle, no one would give you
a job even in two lifetimes.
So you'd better not comment on this.
A government job is like an eagle's pee -
both are rare.
Forget about eagle pee,
just tell me where the cloves are?
Dad, my butt's on the line,
and you're asking about cloves?
I need cloves to spice up the dinner,
not your butt.
Keri, kiddo!
Grab me some cloves from downstairs!
I can't see the tattoo clearly,
pull it down a little.
Keri!
Don't you all have any shame?
You just got back
from the police station yesterday.
Now everyone in the society
is going to think the Tiwaris
are shamelessly celebrating.
It's Sunday today, society's on holiday.
Pull it down a bit.
I'm trying to show you my tattoo,
and you're just
- showing me your level instead.
- Did you get stuck in there?
- What?
You don't even let me take
a dump in peace.
Get out of my way.
It doesn't even look like you took a dump.
Fine,
I'll leave it there tomorrow for you
- to see as proof.
- Whatever.
Kiddo!
Go grab me some cloves from downstairs!
Coming!
You've got so many people here,
why didn't you just ask one
of them to get it?
We're having an important meeting, kiddo.
What's this meeting about?
Your sister-in-law's dad
has set a condition-
if your brother doesn't land
a government job within two months,
your sister-in-law stays as she is,
but your "brother" will have to change.
I see.
He's not going to get a government job
just sitting at home.
Nobody asked for your advice
Mind your own business.
I'm not giving you any.
I don't want it. Buzz off.
By the way, I know someone
who might be able to help.
But I guess you
don't want my help, right?
Fine.
Hey Keri, Keri, Keri!
My sister is so sweet!
Come here, come here, sit with me.
You can even sleep in front
of the cooler if you want.
Dad, did you make any
kheer
(sweets) for Keri?
Yes, I made some.
Do you know someone who can help?
I'll take you to him tomorrow.
I think he stores them here.
Just like a monkey.
Hmm.
Should I order 100-150 more
Kachoris
(snacks) for you?
How about some
Jalebis
(sweets)
instead, Brother?
Will you keep eating
or actually say something?
How is this possible in just two months?
I told you,
even the easiest job
in the world takes nine months.
I wasted so much time because of you!
Listen, you're going to pay
for all the
Kachoris
.
Hey, make sure he pays for everything!
Where are you going? Stop.
I'm so going to whack you.
I've already wasted
so much time because of you.
Out of the two months I have,
I've already lost two days.
You spent them drinking beer!
Who do you think you are?
You can't do anything by yourself.
I got your Aadhar card made.
I got you your passport.
- And I'm the one who convinced Titli to...
- Hey,
don't bring Titli into this!
I'm warning you.
Titli won't be able to do anything either,
her father will just send her away.
- Got it?
- Keri, I swear,
I'll stuff you inside a
samosa
wrapper
and fry you up!
Go ahead! I dare you to do it right now!
Why should I? I'm not the cook here!
- And the whole of Banaras knows...
- Calm down, both of you!
- Stop fighting.
- Yes.
He's trying to say something.
Let's hear him out.
There's one option.
What?
Bhagwan
. (God)
- Damn it.
- Huh?
Bhagwan!
Great choice!
Come here, you...
We've already handed over
his fate in God's hands.
No, I'm not talking about God,
I'm talking about Bhagwan Das.
Who's this Bhagwan Das?
I'll take you to him.
Here it is. Stop, stop, stop!
We've arrived! We're here!
Let's go. Take this.
Alright?
Yeah? Go.
This one.
It's an amazing place.
Let's go, sir.
- Come on, Your Highness.
- What is this place?
Just follow me.
It's a one-stop shop for all your needs.
Follow me.
We're here.
Greetings, Guruji.
- Greetings, Guruji.
- Bless you.
I don't know Kathak,
but if there's a government job
in breakdancing,
- I'm your guy.
- He's not our guy, Bhagwan is upstairs.
- Let's go.
- Come on, man...
It's okay, you can go ahead.
Kathak Guruji!
- Indian culture!
- It's alright.
I also wanted to learn,
but my waist doesn't agree.
Damn it, it's dead.
Who's dead?
The snake.
What am I supposed to do now?
Look Brother,
the list of the final 15 candidates
for the irrigation department
is right here.
And about the other forms you filled...
None of their results
are coming out this year.
- Oh no!
- Guruji, he won't be able to get married.
His love life is at stake here, you see.
Why do you bring matters
involving love to me?
Can't you see I'm busy here?
I'll have to make some effort
for this, Brother.
Please, Guruji, help me out here.
I really love her a lot.
You can ask anyone, they'll tell you.
- Go ahead, tell him.
- Yeah, they're seriously in love.
- Just like Laila and Majnu.
- They're crazy about each other.
Brother, he actually landed
a government job!
Thank you, Guruji!
Everyone, say it together:
Har Har Mahadev!
(Everyone is an embodiment of Lord Shiva)
- Har Har Mahadev!- Har Har Mahadev!
Guruji, can I tell you something?
Not just in name, Guruji,
- you're actually like god to me.
- He's right, Guruji.
That's fine.
Rs. 600,000 upfront before you join.
Wait, I get Rs. 600,000 before joining?
Guruji!
- Guruji, you're not just a god, you're...
- Silly...
You won't get it, you have to pay up.
- I have to pay?
- Yes, you do.
A Rs. 200,000 advance.
Rs. 200,000 in advance?
Yes.
I'm giving you this price
since you came with him.
He's practically family.
Right, Pramod?
Wait, your name's Pramod, right?
No, my name's Sushil.
Anyway, I quoted that price
since he's practically family.
Otherwise, I never charge less than
Rs. 1 million, no matter what.
Yeah, he's right.
So...?
Guys...
Okay... Rs. 200,000 it is.
How are we okay with Rs. 200,000?
How are you going
to come up with Rs. 200,000?
Guruji, how am I supposed
to pay Rs. 200,000?
Don't expect
Bhagwan
(god)
to solve everything,
sometimes you've got to do it yourself.
Work hard, you're still young.
Find a way to get it.
Otherwise, you can join
this coaching class for Rs. 600 a month.
You'll study here for 4-6 years,
then by year 7 or 8,
I can get you a peon's job.
A peon?
No, Guruji, I don't want to be a peon!
You...
Why don't you...
You stall this irrigation department list.
I'll figure out how to get the money.
Okay.
You can keep the peon job for me.
Sure, you look like one anyway.
Yeah, yeah.
You seriously want to be a peon?
I just can't stand being single anymore,
Nephew.
Okay, Guruji.
Stall this list for me,
I'll figure out the money.
- Stall this list for me.
- Yes, Rs. 200,000 in advance.
-
Har Har Mahadev!
- Okay, Brother.
- Guruji, take care of me too.
- See you, take care.
I work for Mr. Gupta.
- Yeah, I got it, you work for Mr. Gupta.
-
The butterfly flew, flew, and flew away.
You make tall claims, why...
Then blush and sigh.
Tittu,
you're not thinking about running
away anymore, are you?
Why do you ask?
Just thinking, what will we do
if I don't get a job in two months?
You and your negativity!
What's the problem
with getting a job now?
Bhagwan's helping you with that, right?
Yeah, but he wants Rs. 600,000
before I join,
and Rs. 200,000 advance.
I'll get you that as dowry.
My dad won't send me off empty-handed.
Titli, I'm totally against dowry.
Never, no, never.
- Hmm?
- Yes.
You can keep whatever
he gives you out of love,
but I won't touch it.
Then we'll use it.
And what about the Rs. 200,000 advance?
Look, the thing is, I didn't adopt...
- Who?
- You.
Will you do anything on your own, Ranjan?
Titli, the problem is you only
asked your dad for two months.
- I'm trying, and on top of that...
- What are you even trying, huh?
I'm trying...
You keep trying,
and I'll end up married to someone else.
This is Banaras!
I'll tear apart anyone
who even looks at you!
My name is Ranjan after all!
You're just good
at spitting out such dialogues.
If you can't get it, just borrow it.
My dad's almost broke
covering your expenses.
- Do you think this is funny?
- No, I'm not laughing.
You just show up and say,
"Babu wants Rs. 500,
Babu Rs. 1000," like it's nothing.
And somehow,
this Babu's Baby always gets the cash!
Titli, I could borrow money
in a heartbeat,
but no one lends me anything.
So, who am I supposed to borrow it from?
I'm going to whack you!
- Hey!
- You...
I'm praising you.
Are you going to swim
to the shore or what?
Hold up until we get to the riverbank.
Where will I go anyway?
Looks like I'm stuck with you.
We're meant to be together forever.
- Pundit-ji!
Har Har Mahadev!
-
Mahadev!
Hey Bullet Train, can you at least tell me
where we're headed?
Are you planning to get off anytime soon?
Yeah.
What's this?
A necklace, around 40 grams.
Huh?
Have you lost it?
How much is it worth?
No, I mean, whose is it?
It's my mom's.
I was going to get it when I got married.
But that can only happen
if I get married, right?
Have you lost it?
If your family finds out,
our wedding could be called
off even before it happens.
Why don't you do this
bring your mom's necklace instead?
- Okay?
- No, I can't bring my mom's necklace.
How can I sell it?
You know how my mom is -
she'll thrash me, and my little dad too.
Nah, not my mom's.
Who's asking you to sell it?
I'm only asking you to mortgage it.
We'll get it back once we have the money.
- Oh, you want to mortgage it?
- Yes.
Then you can use your mom's.
It's kind of the same thing, right?
I swear, sometimes it feels like
I'm the only one serious
about getting married.
You'll just come for the food
at the wedding.
Hey!
Uncle...
Please take a look at this necklace.
I don't need to check,
it came from my shop.
- Sonu,
- Yes?
- you changed the hook last month, right?
- Yes.
Yeah, I remember-
his necklace was for Mr. Mishra
from Pandeypur, right?
No, it's Mr. Sharma's.
Yes, I'm Mr. Mishra's daughter.
- I see!
- Yes.
He told me about your wedding.
He has picked two sets
of necklaces for you.
- Would you like me to show them to you?
- I know,
I'll check them out later.
Please...
What do you want to do with it?
I want to mortgage it.
What happened?
Is everything alright at home?
Everything's fine for now.
This is Ranjan Tiwari,
the person I'm going to marry.
Hello.
But if you tell my family about this
or refuse to take the necklace,
the wedding will be called off.
And if the wedding's off,
my dad won't need
to order those two sets.
I hope you understand, Uncle?
How much do you want?
We bought it for around Rs. 350,000.
Uncle, we'll settle for Rs. 200,000.
Thank you.
Goodbye, Uncle.
Thank you, Uncle.
I'll send you an invite.
Please come to the wedding.
Brother Sonu, you too.
No one's touched my heart this way,
You are my only fate.
With you, I'll linger like a thought.
That's the only thing I know.
The mirror calls you pretty.
Remains engrossed in your beauty
Tell him to quit teasing me,
Or from you, I will steal it.
Hear your praise from me,
together we're destined to be.
The world where we will belong,
Our wedding date is not too long
Like the kohl that graces my eyes,
and dreams infinite.
I'll hold you close,
Far from the world's prying eyes
Not in secret, I will love you...by choice
No one's touched my heart this way,
You are my only fate.
With you, I'll linger like a thought.
That's the only thing I know.
When you've got love, you can't be poor
No one is weirder than a lover
When eyes meet,it feels like life's on the line,
Love is holier than the cross-divine
Steal me away my love
To you, I have dedicated my youth
I'm going to pressmy lips against yours and check
Wondering where you're sweet,where you're ablaze.
You're like the flame floating on water
Like an orchardof roses that fills the air
My eyes cool down when they see you,
But your touch ignites a fire
No one's touched my heart this way,
You are my only fate.
With you, I'll linger like a thought.
That's the only thing I know.
I have madly fallen for you, my love
Do you know
Overwhelmed with your love
Can't stop chasing you around
Without drinking, I sway and dance,
I kiss even the shadow of your glance.
My life, my love,
I offer it all to you,my heart's true chance.
No one's touched my heart this way,
You are my only fate.
-
With you, I'll linger like a thought.
- Ranjan, listen...
-
That's the only thing I know.
- Come a little closer. - Ranjan...
I love you.
Hey!
That was a close one!
Wake up!
Damn it!
Ranjan, here's the thing...
What's going on?
Have some water first.
No, get me some tea.
Where are you going, huh?
To get tea, seriously?
You tell him.
I, well...
Uncle, why don't you explain it to him?
You tell him.
You're older than me, Uncle.
I'll slap you, just tell me already!
Bhagwan took your money
and ran away, Brother!
Bhag...
Bhagwan did what?
Bhagwan stole your money and ran away!
His office has been shut
for the last three days.
I've asked everyone around here.
Nobody knows anything.
But we're looking for him.
Oh no, my...
My slippers!
- Hey, listen to me.
- Brother...
I've sent my men to look for him.
Just hear me out.
Titli's going to kill me!
BHAGWAN DAS!!!
We're on the terrace,
and no one's around.
Bhagwan Das!
Hey...
I couldn't find anything.
- Did you check the place properly?
- Yeah.
Master-ji,
Bhagwan Das used to live upstairs.
- Have you seen him?
- No, Brother, I have no idea
where Bhagwan Das is.
Please leave.
His life's falling apart
and you're here doing Kathak.
Come on, let's go.
You can't go picking fights
with everyone, Uncle.
Only I know how I got those Rs. 200,000.
I have my men looking for him.
- We'll find him.
- Yes, Brother.
You've put my mom's necklace on mortgage.
Did you talk to Sushil?
He doesn't know either.
So, we've lost the money,
the job,
and my mom's necklace.
Great.
You don't have any time left.
And you don't want to run away
and get married.
Okay,
I'll get going then.
I'll send you an invite to my wedding.
Please come, alright?
Don't be sad, Nephew.
I think we should do
what Lord Krishna had done.
Let's kidnap Titli.
Uncle, I'll drown you in that cup of tea!
Be quiet.
I asked for
Kachoris
,
and you're giving me
Ladoos
(sweets)?
It's a holy offering, Brother.
I'll get you your
Kachoris
in a bit.
- Take this.
- Okay, fine.
Why are you handing these out, Brother?
I pledged to Mahadev that
if my daughter-in-law gets pregnant,
I'll shave my head.
How will Mahadev help with that, Shukla?
Take your son to a good doctor instead.
He's such a dolt.
He's shown him to everyone, Brother.
The doctor can't do anything more now.
He'll only have a child
if Mahadev blesses him.
I see.
Brother, why don't you make a pledge, huh?
Who knows, it might work for you too.
- What do you say, Uncle?
- Yeah, why not?
I've tried trusting one Bhagwan before.
I can't do it again.
What's the point of sitting like this
and giving up, Nephew?
Give it a try.
Uncle, I don't want to try.
You try it.
What's the harm in trying once, huh?
Try it.
Do you have money to pay the bill?
He's gone.
You don't have any?
Glory to Lord Shiva!
Praise be to the consort
of Goddess Parvati!
Har Har Mahadev!
Dear Mahadev,
please grant me a government job quickly.
I pledge I'll shave my head...
No, if I shave my head,
everyone will think my dad's dead.
No, I can't shave my head.
Dear Mahadev,
please give me a government job quickly.
I pledge I'll fast for 16 Mondays...
Girls do that to find a good husband.
And I'm going to be a good husband,
Mahadev.
What should I say?
Mahadev, Mahadev...
Dear Mahadev,
please give me a government job quickly.
I pledge to remain celibate for life.
Celibate?
I want the job so I can get married!
Are you making a vow
or playing KBC with God?
Can't you see there's
a long line behind you?
Give me just two minutes, Brother.
He wants two minutes!
Mahadev, I'll be right back, okay?
- Go, take His blessings.
- Get out of my way.
Pundit-ji, I seek your blessings.
Mahadev!
Pundit-ji, I wanted to ask you something.
What pledge should I make
to ensure God answers my wish?
Why are you laughing?
My life's a mess.
What can you give God
when you're here asking for help?
But I've heard that God doesn't
listen unless you offer something.
Do you think
God will listen faster
if you offer something?
So, what should I do to make
God answer my prayers, Pundit-ji?
Give Rs. 101.
He'll fulfill it for just Rs. 101?
Mahadev!
That's my fee, son.
Oh, for you.
Keep it here.
I'll pay you Re. 1 through UPI.
Please, tell me.
Son, go outside, get some milk,
offer it to Mahadev with a clean heart
and pledge that if He fulfills your wish,
you'll do a good deed.
- That's it?
- Yes.
- Just offer Him milk?
- Goodbye, Pundit-ji.
- Stay happy.
Pundit-ji, whose milk should
I offer-cow, buffalo, or goat?
Cow.
Cow's milk.
Goodbye, Pundit-ji.
Work faster.
We've got a huge order.
Oh no, Shahida,
you're cutting them
too big-make them smaller.
Will this size work?
No, smaller than that.
You're not understanding.
Cut them smaller.
She wants us to smash them?
They just don't get it.
Should I crush them?
Come on, son,
- why the long face?
- Take it off.
You'll find another job.
And another girl too.
Yes.
Come on.
Look at this pickle, for example.
It takes a lot of effort.
We cut them, dry them,
oil them, rub spices on them,
pack them in a jar.
But one drop of water,
and it's ruined.
But that doesn't mean
we stop making pickles.
I've built a huge business out of this.
Life's the same.
Some things work out, others don't.
Got it?
But that doesn't mean you stop living.
Just stay away from water drops, like him.
Always doing these breathing exercises.
Answer it.
Your pain in the neck
phone's ringing, answer it.
Let it ring.
If you don't want to answer,
just disconnect it.
What are you staring at?
What did I tell you?
Look, you need to do it like this.
Breathe in from the right.
Hello?
Where are you?
I've been trying to reach you.
Life's been trying me too.
Who is this?
It's me, Bhagwan.
Have you forgotten me already?
You...
You're a demon!
I'm going to kill you!
Where the hell are you?
This is great, son.
You want to kill me after
I went all the way to Lucknow for you?
It was tough, but I handled it.
Handled it?
I mean, your government job's confirmed.
Do you even check your emails?
Huh?
Stop all this and arrange
Rs. 600,000, understood?
Hang up now.
Hello?
What happened?
Well, I...
I got a government job.
Huh?
Nonsense!
- I got a job, Dad!
- Get off me.
Mom, I got a government job!
- Sister-in-law, you're not eating.
- Try these.
Have some
Ladoos
.
Have it.
Brother, why don't my son
and your daughter talk privately?
- Sure, why not?
- Go, Titli, show Chunne your room.
I'm not showing
that buffoon my room, okay?
He's a good guy.
She's just a little shy.
Her nature shows it -
- she's quiet and calm.
- Yes, she is.
It's a blessing from God,
we feel really blessed.
Move!
I was wondering
what's been vibrating under me.
- That's Titli's phone.
- Go get it.
Okay.
Someone named Babu is calling.
She's Titli's childhood friend.
Babli.
I see.
- Yes.
- I thought...
- No, it's not like that.
- Pundit-ji, set the wedding date.
Why are you calling?
A prospective groom's family
is here to meet her.
Hang up the phone.
Sister, start the wedding preparations.
Tell Titli and her dad
I got a government job.
- What are you saying?
- Yes.
Give me a moment, I'll tell her.
- I'll give you the opportunity to...
- Titli!
Ranjan got the job.
What?!
Let me talk to him.
- What happened?
- Yes, Babu...
- Nothing.
- What's going on?
- I'll tell him...
- Brother, hurry up.
Why don't you just start dwelling
in my ears, huh!
I'm working on it.
- Dad!
- What?
Ranjan got a government job!
Who's Ranjan?
No.
We can't do anything now.
His time is up.
You'll marry Chunne.
My name is Anoop.
Yes, Anoop Chunne.
So things got delayed by a few days.
What's the big deal, Dad?
What, Dad, huh?
I'm not going to marry
this laughing stock!
Mr. Mishra, your daughter
is calling my son a laughing stock!
- This isn't right.
- No, I...
Listen to me...
What's not right, Uncle?
Be thankful we didn't get married.
Otherwise, I'd make your life
and your son's life a living hell!
Got it?
And yours too.
Mr. Mishra...
Why are you misbehaving?
I'm not misbehaving...
You set the condition, didn't you?
But his time's up.
- His time's up.
- Listen, just drop it and agree.
He got the job.
So my word doesn't matter?
And what about our dignity?
Dad...
Mom, I'm going to get ready.
Here, enjoy.
- Listen...
- Sister, let's go.
Titli!
- You'll regret this.
- Please, listen...
- Please hear me out.
- No. Come on, let's go.
What's going on? Go find out.
Get out of my way.
Sister-in-law, how are you?
- Congratulations,
- I'm fine.
- congratulations.
- You didn't have to bring all this.
- I really don't believe it...
- You go!
Our surprise is ruined.
- They already know!
- Here, take this.
Here, Brother, enjoy some sweets.
What's the occasion?
The wedding, of course.
It's not fixed yet.
It was fixed two months ago.
He just got the job.
Son, go seek her dad's blessings.
- Dad!
- No, no need.
He doesn't need to touch my feet.
Come here, son.
You can seek my blessings.
Mom...
This isn't right.
Let's go.
Just wait and see the electricity bill
you get this month.
Have it, have it.
- Chunne.
- Let's go.
Sir, I'll take my leave now.
Pundit-ji, which electricity bill
are you going to pay?
Please have a seat.
Shall we set the wedding date?
Yes, of course.
Yes, now you have to.
Damn it.
Listen, what color
lehenga
(dress)
should I wear?
I could go for a pink one.
No one listens to me.
Listen, should I wear
a multi-colored
lehenga
?
- Whatever you like.
- You're going to regret this.
You should wear a blue sherwani.
- Whatever you want.
- I'm thinking...
Will the priest just read the charts,
- The previous guy was better.
- or will he actually say something?
- I'm so excited!
- Ask him.
Priest, can you tell
us the auspicious date?
- Damn it.
- That's quite auspicious!
Sir, I've tried everything,
but I can't find
an auspicious date for your son.
You can't find any? How is that possible?
I suggest the 30th of this month.
Otherwise,
you'll have to wait until
next year's October.
Awesome!
- 30th is perfect! Final!
- How is it perfect?
- It's already the 12th.
- There he goes again.
Dad, there's so much
to do for a girl's wedding.
You need to talk to the caterer,
book a hall,
print invites, and distribute them.
He can't just casually
throw out "30th is perfect."
Oh, really?
Alright, 30th is perfect...
and now I've said it with
my head hung in shame. Happy?
Dad, let's do it next year.
How can you say next year, huh?
Brother-in-law, we'll handle everything.
We'll talk to the caterers, book the hall,
and I'll personally
go get the invites printed. Got it?
And if it's too much trouble,
you can skip the wedding.
- Yes, you can.
- That'll save Dad
the cost of one extra plate.
Right? Right, Mom?
What are you saying?
He is your brother-in-law!
Sister, I'm staying quiet because of you.
Did you hear that, Dad?
Who do I listen to, huh?
- Dad!
- Everyone just keeps saying "Dad!"
Dad, we'll handle everything.
Please, finalize it.
What difference does it make,
this year or next?
If we want to get them married,
let's do it on the 30th itself.
Yes!
Now that's more like it, Sister-in-law!
Thank you, Lord!
I'll arrive in a carwith flowers all around,
Dressed as a groom,I'll sweep you off the ground.
This is the hot topic at my aunt's place,
What a beautiful sight it is,
With your fresh perspective in grace.
No one has doubts anymore,
Let the music flow,
I'm thirsty,and you're my river, you know.
The entire area will dance with flair,
For we've got good news to share,
I'm going to be yours througha bond beyond compare.
The entire area will dance with flair,
For we've got good news to share,
I'm going to be yours througha bond beyond compare.
I'm like a blazing fire,
Admiration rains down, lifting me higher.
Bounce.
We gaze at each other, finding peace,
Leave your home and dwellin my house, please.
Everything we dreamedor imagined will now come true,
Our union is one that's like no other,so pure and new.
Let's shed the pain,the illness, and all my fears,
Let's rejoice and celebrate,for my time has shifted, my dear.
The entire area will dance with flair,
For we've got good news to share,
I'm going to be yours througha bond beyond compare.
The entire area will dance with flair,
For we've got good news to share,
I'm going to be yours througha bond beyond compare.
I shine like a bright light,a silver knife,
My love, I now belong to you for life.
We've only got tonight.
Why? What happens tomorrow?
Hey!
Tomorrow, you'll be my wife.
So, this is the last night
I'll be spending with my girlfriend.
Amazing!
Your inner romantic Shah Rukh Khan
is really showing today.
- Really?
- Yes.
- This... Like this?
Can I say something, Titli?
Hmm.
The thrill of meeting secretly...
we won't get to enjoy it anymore.
But why secretly?
You can meet me freely tomorrow,
after we're married.
Hey...
You're not getting it.
Fear makes love so much more fun.
Hand me my glass.
- Hand you your glass.
- Yes.
Here you go.
Stop. Slow down.
A wedge of lemon.
Can I say something, Titli?
You should stay the same even
after we get married -
just as crazy.
Don't change at all.
Okay?
Why would I change, huh?
Speak for yourself, Ranjan Tiwari.
Boys change after marriage.
And if you do,
I'll separate your skin from your bones.
Got it?
Titli!
I...
I'm trying to be all romantic with you,
and you're pulling me apart?
This is what I don't like about you.
You need to work on this.
Do some homework.
But you just said I don't need to change.
- I said that?
- Yes.
Yes, but a little
change never hurt anyone.
Change is the only constant in life.
What other rules are there, Ranjan?
I was born to break the rules.
Right?
Hey, what are you doing?
What if someone sees us together?
So what?
I'm this family's son-in-law!
You're not yet.
Then make me.
- Please, make me.
- No.
- You'll mess up the henna.
Please don't do this. Ranjan!
- How can you ask for such an outrageous fare?
- Hurry up, bring the ladders too.
I seek your blessing, Aunty.
See you tonight, Mrs. Ranjan.
Come on, Mr. Groom, let's go!
Keep this box over there.
Where are you heading?
Where are you going, huh?
Why are you carrying it over your head?
Put the ladder on this side.
Ma'am, where do you want me
to put this box of oil?
Why don't you put it on my head?
Obviously, you'll put it in the kitchen!
- Do you have anything else left in the tempo?
- Yeah, yeah.
Then go get it.
Brother!
Try this on.
It looks great.
Why do you keep making
me try it every day?
I want it to fit perfectly.
You look awesome.
Why don't you get it?
Are you a men's tailor
or a women's tailor?
What is this?
I think the shoulders are a little loose.
I'll fix it by tomorrow.
That's what you said yesterday!
I'm getting married today!
You want me to wear this
on my honeymoon tomorrow?
I was told the wedding is on the 30th.
- Really? So what's today?
- You look like a clown.
Huh? How dare you!
She's talking to me, not you.
Well, then she's right.
This is the result of your
Banaras's number one tailor.
He told me he's the number one tailor.
My shop's called "number one," Uncle.
Both you and your shop can go to hell.
If I can't get on my wedding horse
because of you,
I'll make the horse get on you.
Remember that...
Sorry, Brother.
Everyone seems want a piece of me today!
- I have no respect here.
- Sorry.
Mix some more of this, will you?
- This won't be enough.
- Okay, fine.
You're at it again?
It's the turmeric ceremony day!
We're going to apply turmeric on you.
But we already did the turmeric thing.
What, now you want to marinate me?
Brother-in-law, the chicken will get nice
- Where's his kurta? Get it!
- and juicy only after it marinates, right?
Come on, have a seat. Come on.
Have some shame, Sister-in-law.
Mom, we don't have time for this,
the wedding's in 8 hours. Let's go.
Huh?
The wedding?
Yeah.
- What's today's date?
- 29th, Aunty.
Today's the 29th, the wedding's tomorrow.
Are you high on bhaang?
Today's the 30th!
I'll whack you right now!
Today's the 29th, tomorrow's the 30th!
Mom, Mom, Mom, today's the 30th!
Look at that, my son's going nuts.
Today's the 29th, son.
Today's...
Looks like he's too excited
for the wedding.
- Give it here. Just give it to me.
- Looks like he's lost his mind
over the wedding excitement.
Today's the 29th, right?
- Why did you stop? Keep playing it.
- Mom, I'm done, come clean me up.
Take it from there.
Watch out!
God bless you!
Why'd you drop it two inches further, huh?
Why didn't you drop it on my head instead?
Sorry, Brother.
Don't you have anything better to do?
You've been hanging flowers
around the house all day.
What sorry, huh?
Hey, Keri...
- Hmm?
- Listen...
Tell me,
is today really the 29th?
Yeah, it's the 29th.
I just feel like the turmeric stuff,
all of this, happened yesterday,
and now it's repeating again.
That's called Deja vu.
You sometimes feel like
it's already happened,
but it hasn't. Got it?
Really?
So, what I saw was just
a super realistic dream?
Yeah, looks like it.
I see.
So, you're saying today's the 29th,
and tomorrow's the 30th, right?
- Today's the 29th.
- Yeah.
So, obviously, tomorrow's the 30th!
Yep.
Here, take Mom's petticoat
and get it dyed.
- I don't run errands like that.
- Don't make a fuss, just go.
Don't forget, okay?
- Hey...
- Be careful with it. Bye!
I've got a lot to do.
Here's Mom's petticoat.
- It needs to be dyed this color.
- Okay, Brother.
Hey, what's the date today?
29th, Brother.
Why?
Just checking.
See you later.
Mahadev!
What's up, Brother?
What's up, Mr. Groom?
Where are you off to, huh?
I just came to get Mom's petticoat dyed.
- I know everything.
- Come on, man!
Happy inside, acting shy outside, right?
Damn it.
It stinks like the cow
had radish parathas for dinner.
Don't be so upset, Brother.
This is the holy cow's blessings.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Her blessings, huh?
- Well, here, you can have some too.
- Hey!
Right.
What's up, Mr. Groom?
Hey, have they started using cow dung
instead of turmeric these days?
Hey...
Uncle, forget about that.
Did you do what you went there to do?
Everything's set, man.
What's set? Tell me!
Come on , Mr. Groom,
how can I tell you that
we've arranged
a surprise bachelor's party for you.
- A surprise party?
- Yeah.
And I have no idea about it.
Forget that and just get ready for it.
- Har Har...
- Here.
I enchant with my style,
I remove every hesitation,
Make me squirm
with sweet pain, O heartless one.
You seem dear to me,
A sleeping intention is awakened,
If you deny it, it's betrayal.
Your eyes have misled me,
This place seems desolate,
My heart says...
Beloved.
Enchant me with your charm,
Make my forget the world, O fair one
Your youth is like burning flames,
In it, let me burn, O fair one
I am fire, I am a flame,
But I am also cool water.
Today, I belong to you,
But tomorrow, I will be a stranger.
Lovers come to my doorstep,
Thirsting for love...
Spreading love, quench their thirst,
That's what I do with my passion.
Beloved.
Keep this box over there.
Why are you carrying it over your head?
Ma'am, where do you want me
to put this box of oil?
Why don't you put it on my head?
Obviously, you'll put it in the kitchen!
I've been working non-stop...
"In the turmeric, my dear,
in the turmeric..."
It's this way. Come on now.
You'll take two hours...
What's wrong with my son?
Move back, everyone,
let him get some fresh air.
Move back, move back, everyone.
- Yes, yes.
- He's starting to wake up.
What's the date today?
- Huh? Why?
- Why?
What... what's the date today?!
What happened?
That's the problem,
Dad, it's not happening.
I think he's constipated.
It's nothing new.
Keri, my child, go get the laxatives.
- Okay, Dad.
- Keri, Keri, Keri...
What's today's date?
- 29th... it's the 29th...
- 29th!
Yesterday you said, "Today's the 29th,
and tomorrow's the 30th!"
You said that yesterday, right?
That's what I'm saying today.
Today's the 29th, and tomorrow's the 30th.
No, you said that yesterday.
Yesterday was the 29th,
so today would be the 30th, right?
- What are you saying?
- I told you...
What's wrong with you?
I told you not to let him out
of the house until the wedding.
- He's been possessed.
- I'm not possessed, Mom!
How do I...
Huh?
- Turmeric!
- He's lost it.
We're back to the turmeric
ceremony again, seriously?!
How do I explain this to you?
This...
What?
Mom, come with me.
What happened?
- Dad?
- Yeah?
Come with me.
What is it?
Move aside.
- What is it?
- This flower pot?
Yeah?
Look at it.
We're looking at it.
Keep looking at it.
Hey...
This flower pot...
- Yeah?
It's going to fall.
It will fall on its own?
It'll fall now. Just wait and watch.
Hey...
When is it going to fall, son?
We're getting late
for the turmeric ceremony.
Not the turmeric ceremony again!
Don't ever mention it again!
I don't want any turmeric paste on me!
Huh?
Fall...
- Fall...
- How can it fall on its own?
Fall...
It falls!
- When will it fall? My neck's hurting.
- It'll fall soon!
Where's the decorator?
There he is.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Go do your job. Go, go, go.
- Yeah.
- You put up flowers every day, don't you?
- Go, put the flowers up.
- Now you watch, it'll fall.
- Okay, okay.
When's it going to fall, Your Highness?
It'll fall, Dad.
Start working already!
Brother, if everyone's going
to stare at me,
I'm going to get nervous.
It's not like I'm asking you
to sing a song,
so why would you get nervous?
Just do your job.
Okay, I'm doing it.
Not the ones in the back,
the flowers in the front.
- Yes, yes.
- Fine, I'm doing it, I'm doing it.
Reduce the gap!
Or I'll use my sandals on you!
It fell!
It fell! It fell!
This is the one! I told you!
I told you it would fall, and it fell!
Great magic trick, son.
Now you want me to show you
a magic trick of my own?
Magic?
Yeah, you said the flower pot would...
- Fall?
- It would fall.
And what's this?
- Your hand.
- Now you...
Move your head forward.
I'll go blind.
How else is he supposed to check?
Unnecessary drama.
So, you think yesterday was the 29th too?
Yeah.
And what was the date the day
before yesterday?
The day before yesterday
was also the 29th.
If yesterday was the 29th,
then the day before yesterday
should've been the 28th, right?
He's terrible at math, really bad.
He's always been bad at math.
You've always had a problem with my math.
Why didn't you send me
for extra coaching then?
I was going to, but...
I've been living the 29th
for two days now,
and the day just won't change to the 30th.
Why doesn't anyone get it?
Why are you crying?
The doctor says
everything's going to be fine.
How is everything going to be fine?
He's lost his mind,
and tomorrow's his wedding.
I've lost my mind?
- Put it on speaker.
- Okay.
Hello?
Hello, Sister-in-law.
I seek your blessings.
What happened?
Keri said you guys went to the doctor?
Nothing happened, Ranjan's just...
What? I'm coming there.
No, Sister-in-law.
You don't need to come here.
Don't worry about it.
Hello?
You're impossible.
What, Uncle, I didn't tell her anything.
Hey, hey, hey,
where do you think you're going?
Hey, what's got him worked up now?
Nephew!
Listen, nephew! Just hear me out!
Brother!
Getting angry isn't going to help!
Just listen to me, Nephew.
I don't want to be checked by that quack.
Everyone in Banaras knows he's just
a compounder pretending to be a doctor,
and you took me to him?
Then let's go to BHU, Brother.
I'll slap you so hard you'll have
a tattoo on your face.
Do I look sick to you?
Do I?
Fine, let's say you're stuck on the 30th.
The 29th.
I'm stuck on the 29th.
Fine, whatever,
but how did you get stuck there?
That's what I don't get
- how did I get stuck?
- Yes.
Here, have some sweets.
What's up with Mr. Shukla?
Indeed, Uncle.
Why did he shave his head?
I'd pledged that
if my daughter-in-law got pregnant,
I'd shave my head.
So, as soon as my wish came true,
I got my head shaved.
- It's all Mahadev's blessings.
- Yes.
'Son, go outside, get some milk,'
'offer it to Mahadev with a clean heart.'
'and pledge that if He fulfills your wish.
'Lord...'
'You are my only hope.'
'Get me a government job.'
'I will do a good deed.'
Got it!
I got it!
Uncle, I know why.
I get it!
Mr. Shukla!
What is it, Brother?
- Mr. Shukla, I get it now!
- What is this?
What, Brother?
I know why I'm stuck on the 29th.
You won't get it, Shukla.
You should leave.
Alright, come on,
get the
Ladoos
here.
Glory to the Lord.
The day before yesterday was the 29th,
yesterday was the 29th,
and today's still the 29th?
My head's spinning with
all the stuff you're saying.
I just don't get it.
So, you're telling me
you're stuck on the 29th
because you didn't keep your pledge?
Yeah.
Well, I haven't exactly kept
all my pledges either,
but I didn't get stuck in a time loop.
What am I supposed
to do if I'm the Chosen One?
Well, just go fulfill the pledge you made.
Uncle, that's exactly
what I've been thinking.
Okay.
Hey...
- Sister-in-law! I seek you blessings.
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
- Why is she here?
- What happened?
I don't know, Titli.
It's all flying over my head right now.
He says he's stuck on the 29th.
What happened, Babu?
Why'd you go to the doctor?
Nothing happened.
You go, I'll handle it. Just leave.
I left my henna ceremony in the middle,
I've been walking around
Banaras dressed as a bride,
and you want me to leave?
You can't even care for others these days.
Oh, Titli...
My slippers.
Tell me everything.
- Come here and sit down. Sit here.
- I'll sit.
Sit down.
Now listen to me carefully.
What do you want me to listen to?
Everything I'm about to tell you.
I go to sleep on the night of the 29th,
Hmm.
and when I wake up,
it's the 29th again!
- Huh?
- Yeah.
- What does that mean?
- It means...
the date won't change to the 30th, Titli!
- The date won't change for you...
- Yeah.
And you won't let it change for me!
You rascal,
you can never do anything on your own.
Now that things are finally working out,
you're trying to ruin it.
I'm ruining it?
Yes!
Hey...
Titli, I made a pledge
to God to get a job.
But I didn't keep it,
so now God's got me stuck in this loop.
He got me stuck in this 29th loop!
I'm trapped in this loop.
I didn't leave my henna ceremony
for you to tell me this crap!
If you don't want to marry me,
just tell me already, Ranjan Tiwari!
My sister still hasn't even paid off
my wedding lehenga!
- He's talking nonsense.
- Titli, stop crying.
What if he's actually telling the truth?
You're right.
Your sister's totally right.
She's so smart.
- Tell me something.
- Yeah?
What's the solution
to this problem of yours?
Solution?
I pledged to do a good deed,
but I never said what.
He doesn't even know how
to make a proper pledge!
So what should I do?
Jump into the river and die?
Yes, jump into the river and die!
Calm down for a second, will you?
- You want to do a good deed, right?
- Yeah.
Do anything.
Anything?
Okay.
What should I do?
There are plenty of options,
just do anything.
Okay.
What should I do?
Brother, just shave your head
like Shukla did.
It's the best option.
- Come here, please.
- Yeah, Sister-in-law?
Why don't we shave your head instead?
I don't want to marry a bald guy!
"I don't want to marry a bald guy!"
Will you just be quiet for two minutes?
Two smart old people
are talking here, so just hush.
Brother, you could also feed a black dog.
Get lost.
Feed a black dog?
I think you should feed
a cow flatbreads with jaggery.
There's no deed greater than that.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Do that.
- You'll be done with your good deed.
- Yeah, okay.
- Feed a cow flatbreads and jaggery?
- Yes.
He's right.
Like a pooranpoli?
- Exactly.
- Yes.
Here, here, here.
Have it.
That's a bull, man.
The cow's over there.
- Come on, Brother!
- Forgive me, please forgive me.
Here, here, here.
Yes.
There you go, Brother.
You've fulfilled your pledge.
Yes.
Just wait and see if you pull
off another drama!
- Oh, such anger.
- Let's go, Sister.
Do you feel any different, Brother?
No, I don't feel any different.
Don't overthink it.
Just come with me.
I've got a killer plan for you.
Once you see it,
you'll forget all about the 29th and 30th.
I know everything.
You've invited Jugni, right?
You're throwing me
a surprise bachelor party.
I know everything.
How do you know?
That's what I've been
trying to tell you...
You told him, didn't you?
Come on Uncle, why would I tell him?
The butterfly flew,but couldn't really fly
She got on the bus, but didn't find a seat
she started crying becauseshe didn't get a seat.
"The driver said, "Come with me!"
Come with me!
The butterfly said, 'Go away, naughty!
-
Go away, naughty! My house is nearby.
- Where are you off to, huh?
- Go away, naughty!
- Babu!
Go away, naughty! My house is nearby.
Putting my heart into it, my love,
I convinced my mother.
I asked them to get me married,but still they said no.
My mother didn't accept my family;
what's the point of living now,even if I try?
I feel like I will give up my life.
Go away, naughty!
Go away, naughty! My house is nearby.
Also have your throat slit while
you have him cutting your hair.
Or give it to me
and I'll slit my wrist.
Even if getting marriedleads to destruction, so be it.
No matter what happens,
I will take you with me.
We will run in such a way,the world will search for us.
Go away, naughty!
So you're having trouble staying
awake for just one day, huh?
Try being in my shoes.
I've been stuck in the same day for 15 days!
Let me just nap for an hour.
It s already 11:45 pm.
Just 15 more minutes.
The butterfly flew,but couldn't really fly
She got on the bus, but didn't find a seat
she started crying becauseshe didn't get a seat.
"The driver said, "Come with me!"
Come with me!
The butterfly said,
Hey...
So, you want me
all covered in turmeric, huh?
- Alright, the turmeric ceremony's all done now.
- Huh? What is he doing?
- Yep, now the day's finally complete!
Go away, naughty! My house is nearby.
Go away, naughty!
So, what do you think, Sister-in-law?
The chicken's nice and juicy now, right?
Is this how you talk to your sister-in-law?
- This is just how I talk!
- Mom, I m done, clean me up.
He's been pooping for days.
Somebody wash him already!
Keri, Keri, wait.
Come, sit down.
Now your brother's getting married, so...
Yeah, so?
So, we can do it, right?
What?
Kiss.
You want to kiss me?
Yeah.
Here?
- Are you done?
- No.
Not this kiss,
Then?
that one.
That one?
Yeah, that one...
Hey!
- Move.
- What's going on here?
Brother!
I came to drop these mattresses,
and she stopped me.
- Shut up.
- She did, yeah.
My life's a mess,
and you two are over here romancing?
Come on, Brother, just hear me out.
Keri, explain it to him.
What are you doing? Let go of his neck.
I should let go of his neck?
Fine, I'll let it go.
I'll hit him with my shoes instead!
- Bro, Brother, I got you that job!
- Quit it.
So, should I just marry
- my sister to you now?
- No!
What are you doing?
He's your future brother-in-law.
Yeah, your brother-in-law.
This baby beaver?
Couldn't you find anyone
better than this cricket?
Brother, we really love each other.
- We're totally crazy about each other.
- True love, man, true love!
Hold on, let me get rid of all this love.
Do one thing: just jump off the roof. Go.
Have you lost your mind?
- Just jump.
- It's too high.
- Stay there, Brother, or I'll jump.
- Keri, get out of my way.
Have you lost your mind?
He'll jump! What are you doing?
I'll end up hurting you,
Keri, get out of my way.
Har Har Mahadev!
Who does that, man?!
Does this family's only son-in-law
have any respect at all?
He's alive.
For now.
What's up, Mr. Groom?
Where are you off to, huh?
Why should I tell you
where am I going every day, huh?
Are you my dad or what?
Mind your own business!
Ugh!
So, you're telling me
you're stuck on the 29th
because you didn't keep your pledge?
I say that every day!
Okay.
- Sister-in-law! I seek you blessings.
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
What happened?
I don't know, Titli.
It's all flying over my head right now.
He says he's stuck on the 29th.
Huh?
What happened, Babu?
Keri called me and said you caused
a scene at home and just stormed out.
What happened?
Nothing happened.
You go, I'll handle it. Just leave.
I left my henna ceremony...
I left my henna ceremony in the middle,
I've been walking around
Banaras dressed as a bride.
I can never seem to handle things
by myself.
You're the one
who's been taking care of everything.
I just keep messing everything up.
You still haven't paid for the lehenga.
I know everything, okay?!
Wow,
that's amazing!
Why...
why can't you just understand
what I'm trying to say for once?
I'm...
Why do I even bother trying? Forget it.
Babu...
I'M NOT BABU!
My name's Ranjan.
See what I mean?
- Hey...
- Priest!
- Priest! Priest! Priest!
- Who is it?
Greetings.
Mahadev!
Remember me? I gave you Rs. 100
in cash and Re. 1 through UPI?
- Yeah, yeah, I remember.
- Right.
So, what's going on?
In the middle of the night...
I'm in big trouble.
Big trouble?
Yeah.
What happened?
I can't keep my pledge.
What pledge?
The one about doing a good deed.
What good deed?
Priest, you told me to make a pledge
to do a good deed, and I did.
I didn't say which good deed, though.
Now I'm stuck because of it.
I've fed cows, dogs, monkeys,
and humans-everyone.
I've donated a lot of money too.
I've even lit a lamp under every kind
of tree-big, small, thin, thick.
But somehow,
I just can't fulfill my pledge.
You get what I mean?
Hmm.
Priest, please...
please help me out.
You have to do something.
Yes, I will.
Then do it.
I see, I see, I see.
Sorry, sorry.
Here, Rs. 100.
I'll send Re. 1 through UPI.
No, son, this is a big problem.
It is.
So my fee will be Rs. 501.
Now, quickly, tell me the solution.
Son, the thing is,
all the good deeds
you just mentioned are fine.
Yes.
But your problem is different.
Is it possible that...
you hurt someone's feelings?
I...
Yes, you've either knowingly
or unknowingly hurt someone's feelings.
That's why your pledge is stuck.
Brother Ranjan, you look awesome!
Good morning!
Now, try this on.
Here you go.
It's a masterpiece.
It's awesome!
You look like a clown.
Huh?
How dare you!
She's talking to me, not you.
Well, then she's right.
- What... what are you doing?
- Bless me.
What's this?
I'm asking for your blessings, Father.
Father? Who's Father?
You're my father, and I'm your son.
Huh?
What have you made?
It looks more like a bag than a sherwani.
Calm down. Father, please calm down.
It's okay.
Please forgive him.
Take it back and fix it.
Huh?
Because I've got plenty of time.
If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
- So... sorry, Brother.
- No, no, no need.
Are you okay?
Yeah, Brother.
If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
Huh?
And take good care of my sister.
Okay, Brother.
A lot of people keep going to the terrace,
so be careful.
You should try hanging exercises,
you know.
Okay, Brother.
Hurry up, girls.
Mix some more of this, will you?
We need enough to apply on him.
- Okay, Aunty.
- You're just wasting time talking.
I seek your blessing, Mother.
Such anger?
Wow, where did the sun come from today?
Yes, Brother-in-law?
You're touching your mom's feet today,
but tomorrow you'll be taking
orders from your wife.
Hey!
I'm really looking forward
to that "tomorrow," Sister-in-law.
It just needs to get here.
Mom, I'm done, come clean me up.
Sister-in-law, forget the turmeric
and clean up the mess inside first.
I'm going, I'm going, Brother-in-law.
And if I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
Stop talking, sit down,
and apply some turmeric.
Anything you say, Mother.
Just give me a minute.
Has he lost it?
What's wrong with him?
Forget him.
Sorry, Brother.
- It fell by mistake.
- No, no,
it was meant to fall.
It's part of its destiny.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You've done such a great job
decorating my house.
Thank you.
And if I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
Hey, magpie, have you lost your mind?
Why are you apologizing to everyone?
So what?
Go apply the turmeric.
Father, please don't be mad.
What are you doing up there?
Get down now!
If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
Mahadev!
Mahadev! If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
What's up, Mr. Groom?
- Where are you off to, huh?
- Oh!
Sorry about yesterday.
I got mad at you.
I'm heading out now.
Ugh.
If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
I end up stepping on you every day.
Mahadev!
I'm lucky to have both of you in my life.
- Really?
- What's wrong?
You in some kind of trouble?
No, no, no.
I just want to say something
to both of you.
If I've hurt you in any way,
knowingly or unknowingly,
if I've made any mistakes,
please forgive me.
What are you saying, Brother?
- Yes! We'd die for you.
- Yeah.
I don't know why, but I feel like
I've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, you have.
What are you saying, Brother?
You're my ideal.
I haven't hurt your feelings?
Damn.
Then whose curse is at work here?
Curse?
Yeah, it...
I'll tell you later.
First, think about whose feelings
I might've hurt in Banaras.
There's only one guy in Banaras
whose feelings you've hurt badly.
Who?
So, Dad,
here's my problem.
God only knows
whose curse is at work here.
I'm stuck on the 29th!
The day never changes to the 30th for me.
Huh?
The 30th, the date won't change for me.
- What's he saying?
- There you go.
You were so excited that day.
"30th is perfect, just perfect!"
Now the date won't change to 30th for him.
Yes.
The offer I got from the electricity
department was better.
At least the day would've
changed to the 30th.
Right.
Nephew, do you want me to hurt your
brother-in-law's feelings right here?
He's talking too much.
Hey... Son...
I'm your wife's brother-in-law.
If I've hurt you in any way,
please forgive me.
Who touches his feet, huh?
Dad, please tell me, what should I do?
What should I really do?
What should I say?
Have you told your dad?
What?
About this illness?
I have.
I've told everyone,
but no one believes me.
So, Dad, the thing is,
if tomorrow the date changes to the 30th,
I'll be here with the wedding procession.
If it doesn't, then...
Then?
What did he say?
Brother Ranjan!
Hey, where are you off to?
Hey, listen for a second.
- Where are you headed?
- Look...
You should at least put
on some turmeric first.
Give me a quarter.
I'm sorry, Titli.
Your "Babu" never did anything for you.
Nor for himself, either.
I don't have any other choice now.
It's way too high, way too high.
I'm not going to mess up your 30th
just because of my bad luck with the 29th.
I won't!
Oh, Holy Ganges,
please ensure my salvation.
What's up?
Who are you?
You don't think this
is a risky spot for a selfie?
You'll fall, get down.
Get down now.
Hey, I meant get down on the road,
not into the river.
They don't even let you
commit suicide in peace.
Are you swimming or drowning?
Mahadev...
Come on, seriously...
Just stick two fingers
in your mouth like this,
and all the water will come out.
That's what I did.
I'm fine.
Totally killed my buzz too!
Are you good?
Why were you thinking
about ending your life?
What was I supposed to do?
I had no other choice.
I get it.
Sometimes, you're in a situation
you just can't explain to anyone.
Here you go.
What's your name?
Hamid Ansari.
You're from Monal?
I'm originally from Loharia,
but I've been here
for the last seven years.
Your family?
They're back home in the village.
Have you imagined what would have
happened to them if you had died?
Why were you ending your life?
What's the problem?
The same thing half
of our population is dealing with.
I see, you're heartbroken.
No.
It's the government job thing.
Damn, this government job issue...
I get it.
Hey,
tell me something
if you get a job,
you won't end your life, right?
Why would I die if I get a job, Brother?
Perfect!
You're my selfish good deed!
Now, Ranjan Tiwari will risk
his own life to get you that job.
Just wait and watch.
From now on,
Ansari and Tiwari are brothers.
Peon!
Two teas, please.
Here to pay your dues?
Guru-ji,
I'll get you the money in a few days.
Peon, forget the tea!
Hey...
No rush, take your time.
Did he mention he's getting a big dowry?
My bride's my dowry.
I don't go in for that stuff.
So, what's up? Why are you here?
Guru-ji, this is my friend, Hamid.
Hello.
I wanted to talk to you about his job.
Yeah, he'll get it.
Tell him about the payment details.
Well, Guru-ji,
he's a little short on cash.
I'll take care of it.
Guru-ji, I'll figure something out.
No, I don't want to pay for a job.
You're not willing to pay for a job?
I'm not here for charity.
It's a risky job, ask him.
- No, you're right.
- Obviously, I'm right.
You'll get the job
and enjoy the perks of life.
After you're gone,
your wife will be set with your benefits.
What do I get out of this?
Nothing?
Tell him, man.
You'll need to pay for it.
We'll sort it out, we'll sort it.
Let me make this clear.
First off, I don't have the money.
Plus, I don't want to pay to get a job.
Oh my God!
Where did you find this freedom fighter?
What's your name, Brother?
Hamid... Hamid Ansari.
How old are you?
26.
Struggle for another year or two,
and we'll get it done.
We'll team up and make it happen.
Now leave him be, alright?
Go wait outside.
You stay here.
Sit down, man.
You can go,
he'll join you soon.
I'll be right with you.
Where did you find this guy?
What do I say, Guru-ji...
He's a good guy, Guru-ji.
Please, help him out.
"He's a good guy, please help him out!"
There's only one way to fix this.
What's that?
You give up your job,
and he'll take your spot.
What's that supposed to mean?
He's the 15th guy
I took off the list and swapped with you!
Hamid Ansari.
You'll lose your job,
and I'll lose my business.
What's wrong with this generation,
seriously?!
- Sister...!
- So you're saying
he dies and comes back
to life every single day?
Yep, every day!
Every single day!
I left my henna ceremony just
to hear this crap?
It's just henna, chill out.
It's not like you walked out
in the middle of taking a dump!
Ugh, that's gross!
You can just redo it.
You're doing it every day anyway.
Come on, Brother,
why are you yelling at your sister-in-law?
I dare him to yell at me.
I'll pull his tongue out!
And you... you're not even my husband yet!
Don't give me that husband attitude.
- I'm showing attitude?
- Yup, you are!
What about you?
Always complaining about the henna?
Alright, alright, stop fighting already.
Tell me,
why are you even getting into this?
You worked hard to get that job.
Uncle, Hamid actually deserves this job.
- Come on, man.
- I don't know who Hamid is.
If it was meant for him,
he would've gotten it.
- Yeah.
- It was meant for you, so you got it.
If Hamid doesn't get the job,
he's going to die.
Again.
Don't make me whack you!
Whether he dies or not,
you're definitely die by my hands today.
I'm right here,
go ahead and do it. Kill me.
- Kill me again.
- You guys are fighting again?
- Should I?
- Chill out.
Listen, if you don't get that job,
you won't be able to get married either.
And if you can't get married,
you'll probably end up taking your life.
And if you do that,
I'll go find Hamid and kill him.
Yeah, Brother.
If he's going to die anyway,
why even bother saving him?
Uncle, it's important that we save Hamid.
I think saving him is the good deed
I am supposed to do.
and it's why all this mess started
in the first place.
Hold up.
You made a promise
at Lord Shiva's temple, right?
Yeah.
Then it's no big deal!
What?
Well, Hamid's Muslim.
- Huh?
- Hmm.
How do you even do this?
Listen, buddy, come with me,
I've got a surprise
bachelor's party lined up for you.
- Uncle...
- Forget the surprise party.
Just hear me out.
Take me with you.
- What? What bachelor party?
- Brother?
- Where are you going?
- Babu!
-
God!
You're such a weirdo.
You're trying to change his fate
hen he's just going
to die again tomorrow anyway.
God!
You're going to get scolded,
and I'm going to get scolded by Dad too.
Sister, please, just drive faster.
What do you want me to do, make it fly?
Yes, Sister, make it fly.
Hamid, no!
Hamid, stop!
- Go, go, go!
- Hold on, hold on, hold on.
You see your life slipping away,
Like sand through fingers that won t stay.
- Nephew!
- Brother!
Brother!
- Move out of my way.
- Get him!
You jump too!
I don't know how to swim.
You jump! Jump!
Sister-in-law,
I'm not wearing anything down there.
He's got the worst friends!
Come on!
- Sister-in-law! Sister-in-law...
- Have you lost it?
Then what am I supposed to do?
Become a widow before
I even get married, Sister?
Hearts flourish,When God s blessings nourish.
Do you really have to die every day?
What do you mean by every day?
Why did you save me?
You don't need to die.
We'll figure something out.
There's no solution.
I don't have any options left.
That's not true.
Listen,
if you're short on cash, don't worry.
She'll easily get you 500-100,000.
I mean Titli.
Hey, how am I going to get that?
I'm not selling my mom's necklace again.
I'm not a beggar.
Let him die.
Did I ask you to save me?
I didn't save you, did I?
Then why did you come here?
- I didn't come here to save you.
- Why did you save me?
Stop it!
Don't be upset, Hamid. He is...
Sit down, Uncle. Just sit down.
Come, sit down.
We'll figure it out.
Please don't end your life. Please don't.
I don't need your help.
- Hey!
- He wants to help me!
Ansari!
There you go!
Hamid!
Hey, hey, hey!
-
Money leads to hell,
- Yeah, I got this.
Hey!
Uncle, be careful.
Hold your faith and fare it well.
When God s blessings nourish.
- Nephew!
- Brother!
- Babu!
- Help!
Hearts flourish,When God s blessings nourish.
Alright, let's set a fixed income
of Rs. 10,000 every month, sound good?
Alright, how about Rs. 15,000?
Titli, Rs. 15,000, okay?
I don't need your help!
Hey!
How about
we finalize the deal at 20,000, huh?
Let him die.
Forget about a job in India,
I'll get you an international one.
How about working in Dubai?
Saudi?
I don't need your help!
- He wants me to send me to Dubai!
- Thailand? How about Thailand?
I told you, let him die.
25% share in my mom's pickle business,
deal?
I don't need your help!
Hey!
How about 50%?
I get it,
the problem is you can't get married
because you don't have a job.
I'll find you a wife.
Just don't die, okay?
Titli, we'll find him a wife, right?
Why don't you get him married
to me instead?
- Huh?
- I don't need your help!
Hey!
How about a foreign wife?
You never tried to find me a wife,
damn it!
Bury your strength in the earth,
One day, all will bow to the worth.
It s inevitable,whether you believe or not,
You re not strong,
You re just human after all.
Hearts flourish,When God s blessings nourish.
Hearts flourish,When God s blessings
When God s blessings nourish.
Catch.
God!
I know...
Your name's Hamid Ansari.
You were going to jump off the bridge
because you can't get a job.
And let me tell you,
my life's become a mess trying
to save you.
You're educated. You look smart.
Just take another job.
There are so many departments,
apply anywhere you want.
Why are you so stuck on this job?
Yeah?
How do you know all this?
Who are you?
It's a high-level thing,
you won't get it.
Our buddy here seems to know everything.
Right?
Tell him all your problems.
Just tell him everything.
- Just do it, man.
- Tell me.
For you, it's just a government job,
but for me, it means everything.
For the last 10 years,
our village has been struggling
with water shortages.
First, we had a shortage
of water for the fields,
and then we started running out
of drinking water too.
The villagers kept sending letters
to the irrigation department.
But no one listened.
When my father sent me
to Banaras to study,
I promised all the villagers
I'd get an education,
join the irrigation department,
and fix the water problem.
I worked really hard, Brother.
I even did well on the exams this time.
My father
handed out sweets to everyone in the
village before the results even came out,
thinking I'd get the job.
But my...
My name wasn't on the list.
My name wasn't on the list, Brother.
What should I do now? Tell me.
How can I go back to my village
and face them?
I rather jump into the Ganges and die.
My name wasn't on the list.
He ended up being a social worker.
We're getting married tomorrow,
and today you're telling me
you're quitting that job?
What are you doing?
You're going to hurt me.
You even ruined my henna!
Hey! Titli...?
It's glass, I'll end up bleeding.
Titli, I get your anger,
but you don't understand
what I'm going through.
I don't care.
Find a way,
do whatever it takes...
But don't leave the job.
I've done so much for you,
and you didn't think about me
even once, huh?
You're worried about a guy
you don't even know, Ranjan!
I made a mistake falling for you.
Titli...
Listen to me, Ranjan Tiwari!
Do whatever it takes,
but if we don't get married
on the 30th of this month, Ranjan...
No, Titli, what... what are you doing?
Let go of it, let go of it right now!
I'm not as strong as I seem, Ranjan.
I'll fall apart without you.
Come on.
Here it is.
Where's Hamid?
He left.
- Why did you let him leave?
- He had plans,
and we've got our own plans for tonight.
Why did my dreams fall apart?
Why did my hopes break my heart?
I'd get an education,
join the irrigation department,
and fix the water problem.
I worked really hard, Brother.
I even did well on the exams this time.
But my...
My name wasn't on the list.
My name wasn't on the list, Brother.
I'm not as strong as I seem, Ranjan.
I'll fall apart without you.
What have you gotten me into, Mahadev?
If I knew doing a good deed
was going to be this hard,
I would've never made that pledge.
Mahadev, what kind of dilemma
have you put my life into?
On one side, there's Titli,
and on the other, Hamid.
What did I do wrong in all of this?
Mahadev, I just loved Titli.
I don't want this job, Mahadev!
I just wanted Titli.
You know what,
just take back what You have done
and get me out of this mess, Mahadev.
Please, get me out of this trouble.
Har Har Mahadev, Pundit-ji.
Mahadev!
You're an odd man.
First, you claim Mahadev
doesn't grant your wishes,
but when He does,
you blame Him instead.
What do you seek in life?
Pundit-ji, if I knew that,
I wouldn't be asking Him.
Hmm.
My life is at a crossroads, Pundit-ji.
I feel stuck, Pundit-ji.
Son,
when you stand at life's crossroads,
it's hard to make a choice.
When Arjuna was in a dilemma,
Lord Krishna had to recite
the entire Bhagwat Gita,
and only then did time move forward.
or a single sentence
to help you make sense of it.
Do your good deeds
without expecting a return.
Now,
it's up to you to choose what's right.
close your eyes, and with a clear heart
surrender yourself to Mahadev.
Maybe Mahadev is testing you.
Maybe Mahadev is trying
to teach you something.
This is great.
They're all just having Jalebis.
Go offer them some water.
Come here, son.
Who are you?
I'm Sushil.
- Sushil? Sushil, who?
- The government job guy...?
The one who helped my son
get the government job?
Yeah.
- Hey, how are you? You good?
- I'm fine.
I've been waiting for you.
Have you stopped going to the gym?
Look, you've got a bit of a belly.
Forget mine, look at yours!
You're just...
Dad, can you come with me for a minute?
I need to talk about something important.
Why are you nervous?
I was in worse shape than you
when I got married.
- You're right.
- Dad, you don't get it. It's important.
What do you need to talk about?
Son, he gets it, but you don't.
You should talk to your friends
about this, not your dad.
- Yeah.
- You're right, Uncle.
You're absolutely right.
Yeah, son, take him with you
and share your wisdom.
Listen to me.
- Take him away.
- Come on.
- Take him with you.
- Go on.
- You're a weird guy.
- So, where's your bag?
I explained everything to you yesterday,
but you still didn't get it.
Look, what's done is done.
So now, just let things be, alright?
- This is wrong, Uncle.
- What's wrong?
If not for yourself,
think about Sister-in-law Titli
and your family,
and just stay quiet, please, Brother.
- You...
- Hey!
- Brother!
- Great.
- I've been looking for you.
- When did you arrive?
Thank goodness I found you here.
I need a favor...
Your home is before me, my dearest one,
Yet I search for you under moon and sun.
The fear that someone might stealyou away,
Keeps hauntingmy heart every single day.
No one else makes my heart race,
You're the only soul I worshipand embrace.
Love isn't somethingI understand well,
So take me out of this aching spell.
Oh, my beloved!
Your home is before me,my dearest one,
Yet I search for you under moon and sun.
The fear that someone might stealyou away,
Keeps hauntingmy heart every single day.
No...
What's wrong with you?
You want me to dance, right?
Play it.
Come on, play it!
I can't go through with this wedding.
Huh?
- Hey!
- Hey, hey, hey!
- What happened?
- Sister-in-law?
- Someone get her some water.
- Mom?
What happened, huh?
Mom!
Go and get that job back! Go!
- Dad...
- Your dad is dead to you!
If not for your honor,
at least think about our honor.
Who gives up such a job?
What happened?
What happened, huh?
Ask him what happened!
I worked hard selling pickles
to build this reputation,
and he just ruined it.
Hey...
What happened, Ranjan?
What's he going to say?
He gave up the job.
He gave it to some Hamid Ansari.
You gave up your job?
Titli, Hamid is the one
who really deserves it.
Who's this Hamid?
Go get your job back.
Dad...
I can't get it back, Titli.
And I can't lie and go through
with this wedding either.
Titli, I did what I thought was right.
What was right?
What you thought was right?
What did you think
was the right thing to do, huh?
I lied and got beaten up for you.
I even went to the police station for you.
What haven't I done for you?
I even mortgaged my mom's necklace
so you could get that job,
and we could get married.
And you...
you gave up that job.
- Listen...
- Let go of me.
tell me the truth,
did you even want to marry me?
- Titli...
- Yes?
If...
if you didn't,
you should've told me earlier.
You wouldn't have had to put on this
whole drama in front of everyone for me.
At least my parents wouldn't have
been embarrassed in front of everyone.
Look, Sister,
I applied henna yesterday with an R
on one hand and a T on the other.
Why did I even bother?
Why are you crying?
They'll be the ones crying now.
Leave, there's no wedding
happening here today.
- Leave.
- Dad...
And you...
I knew you were good-for-nothing,
but I didn't know you were THIS stupid.
Leave!
Dad, I told you,
he's not the right guy for Titli.
Yeah, yeah, I heard you.
What you did to Titli wasn't right.
I worked so hard to get him
that government job,
and he went and gave it to someone else.
Brother, you've ruined
everything you worked so hard for.
You're a strange guy.
You dug a well in your own house
and ruined it just to help someone else.
You're totally right, Uncle!
Good going, good going.
Why stop at a well?
Tell him to dig a pond!
Hold this, dear.
Are we done taunting him,
or does anyone else have something to say?
"Who are you?"
Ma'am,
I'm the one who got this great
guy the government job.
But he gave it up!
Exactly!
He gave it up!
You went down
and dragged me down with you.
Why did you do it?
If someone's dying, just let them die.
You should've just gone ahead
and gotten married.
I can't get married
over someone's dead body.
He says he can't get married!
Why? What's the problem?
You're a strange guy.
Brother, you look smart to me.
Tell me,
how can someone stay hungry
and feed others?
This guy...
someone talk some sense into him.
Right.
Thousands of people get jobs
every day using unfair means.
Exactly.
Hundreds of Hamids die every day too.
What can you or I do about that, right?
There's no water in the village,
there's a shortage -
does that mean we should stop bathing?
There's a drought somewhere,
floods somewhere else.
Everything gets ruined.
Does that mean we should
stop being happy?
No, right?
Someone talk some sense into him,
that a man takes a government job
to build his future,
not for others.
I agree this country needs
another Bhagat Singh.
Yes, ma'am, we do.
But does that mean
we should send our only son
to sacrifice himself for his country,
for society?
And which society? This one?
This society?
Where everyone just looks
out for themselves?
No one cares about others.
You're the only one...
thinking about others.
That's why they don't like you.
That's why you're different
from everyone else.
Son, I've helped many get jobs,
but I've never been as happy
about anyone getting a job
as I am that you gave yours up.
It's hard to do what's right.
Even the best ones have made mistakes.
You didn't just save Hamid,
you saved humanity from drowning.
I expect that whether you
do the right thing or not,
at least support those who do.
You can at least appreciate it, right?
As for the rest,
you're all educated and smart enough.
If I've overstepped or said too much,
please forgive me.
Look, dear, you won't have
trouble finding another partner,
but an honest one
is hard to come by.
As they say
marriages are made in heaven.
I know I've hurt everyone's feelings here.
But I can't take someone's life
just to create a new life for myself.
I'll take my leave now.
How can you just walk away like that?
What about all the money
we spent on the wedding?
You're getting married, no matter what.
Dad?
Exactly.
If you back out now,
I swear I'll immerse your remains
in the sacred waters of the Ganges.
Mr. Pandey!
Start serving the guests, will you?
Everyone's hungry.
Where's the band? Where's the drummer?
Come on, let's get the music going.
Sweep you away in a wedding attire.
Just around the bend,
The sights are just beautiful.
Since my outlook has changed.
I remember hearing that verse
from the Bhagavad Gita:
"Do your good deeds
without expecting anything in return."
And today, I actually saw that in action.
As for the rest...
The thirst of the sea is quenched.
The entire city's going to sway,
as this news of joy spreads far and wide.
I am going to be your beloved.
That old mischief in our eyes,
Was once a habit, now it's gone.
The love we shared
had reached its time,
You are still you, I'm still me,
But the world's turned upside-down,you see.
Neither you nor I quite know,how everything just changed so.
This twist was bound to happen.
And now it's come to pass at last.
That old mischief in our eyes,
Was once a habit, now it's gone.
My heart sways...wildly...
My body sways...wildly...
She makes my heart beat.
There is no one else I like.
I swear, I will win the game,
If she just looks into my eyes
Praising you,
fearing I'd lose you,
I forgot how I once usedto fall you four times a day
Praising you,
fearing I'd lose you,
I forgot how I once usedto fall you four times a day
The high of love is all worn out,even sweet talk's lost its shout.
From "us" to "me," we switched so soon.All I could hear was me.
Two had once become just one,
now our paths are divided.
That old mischief in our eyes,
Was once a habit, now it's gone.
Beloved.
That old mischief in our eyes,
Was once a habit, now it's gone.
Beloved.
Gulped down truth in just one gaze.
No one's closer to my heart than you,
There's no one else I'm meant to pursue.
As a memory with you I'll stay,
I have no choice,there's no other way.
The mirror calls you pretty every day,
It always stares your way,
Tell it not to make me blue,
Or I might just take it away from you.
Let me say how lovely you are,
We're getting marriedit's written in stars.
Together forever, like stars and moon,
Our wedding date is approaching soon.
You're like my kohl - soft and deep,
You're like a dream I'd rather keep.
I'll hide you in my eyes, out of sight,
And love you in silence with all my might.
No one's closer to my heart than you,
There's no one else I'm meant to pursue.
As a memory with you I'll stay,
I have no choice, there's no other way.
The rich in heart are never in need,
No one's stranger than lovers, indeed.
When you come close,my soul takes flight,
There's nothing greaterthan love's pure light.
Steal me away, oh love so true,
I've given my youth to you.
Let me taste and truly know,
Where you are sweet,where bitterness may show.
You're like a candle that gently floats,
You're like roses wrappedin whispered notes.
Your gaze brings peace, calm and wide,
But your touch burns like fire inside.
No one's closer to my heart than you,
There's no one else I'm meant to pursue.
As a memory with you I'll stay,
I have no choice, there's no other way.